README.md, before:

# Cris Jumbo components library

This project is dedicated to build all the components crisjumbo (author) will use in all projects.

## Onboarding

1. This repository has a publish.yml file
2. The publish.yml file will be in charge of updating the NPM version
3. Pull after the ACTION is  completed (NPM version updated in origin)

## Usage

- Development:
- Testing:
- Usage:

## Available Components

| Component name | Description | Type | States | Status |
| ---------------| ----------- | ---- | ------ | ------ |
| Button | Button element | Atom | onHover, onClick, Disable | In Progress|
| Input | Input element | Atom | onFocus, onBlur, empty, disable | In Progress |

## Available Scripts

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Ready to be deployed!

## Authors & License

[Cris Jumbo](https://github.com/crisjumbo)

Commit message:

[patch] add steps to clean & build in publish.yml file

README.md, after:

# Cris Jumbo components library

This project is dedicated to build all the components crisjumbo (author) will use in all projects.

## Onboarding

1. This repository has a publish.yml file
2. The publish.yml file will be in charge of updating the NPM version
3. Pull after the ACTION is  completed (NPM version updated in origin)

## Usage

- Development:
- Testing:
- Usage:

## Available Components

| Component name | Description | Type | States | Status |
| ---------------| ----------- | ---- | ------ | ------ |
| Button | Button element | Atom | onHover, onClick, Disable | In Progress|
| Input | Input element | Atom | onFocus, onBlur, empty, disable | In Progress |

## Available Scripts

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Ready to be deployed!

## Warnings & Errors
> publish.yml file, the usage in a step of "::set-output" it is going\
 to be depracated. Use file enviroments instead.

## Authors & License

[Cris Jumbo](https://github.com/crisjumbo)
